docs/manual/developer-tools.mdx, before:

import { Typography } from 'antd';

# Developer Tools

This chapter explains how to use the JSAR DevTools for Visual Studio Code to develop spatial apps.

## Installation

First, you can install the extension in the following ways.

Requirements:

- Install Visual Studio Code version 1.80.0 or above.

### Install from Marketplace

> Not available in the marketplace yet, will be available in future updates.

### Install via `.vsix`

- First, download the latest `.vsix` installation package from this address: [vscode-jsar-devtools-latest.vsix](https://jsar.netlify.app/installer/vscode-jsar-devtools-latest.vsix)
- Then, open Visual Studio Code.
- Press <Typography.Text keyboard>Ctrl + Shift + P</Typography.Text>, type "Extensions: Install from VSIX..."
- Select the downloaded `.vsix` installation package.
- Click OK.

## Guide

Once you have installed the extension, you can start learning about the JSAR developer tools by following the content of my chapters. Here's what you can find:

- [Features](./developer-tools/intro-features) - Introduction to the features included in the developer tools.
- [Interface](./developer-tools/intro-gui) - Introduction to the basic interface of the extension and how to use it.
- [Preview](./developer-tools/preview) - How to use the developer tools for spatial app preview.
- [Debugging](./developer-tools/debugging) - How to use the developer tools for spatial app debugging.
- [Packaging](./developer-tools/packaging) - How to use the developer tools to package spatial apps.

Commit message:

update extension link to vscode marketplace

docs/manual/developer-tools.mdx, after:

import { Typography } from 'antd';

# Developer Tools

This chapter explains how to use the JSAR DevTools for Visual Studio Code to develop spatial apps.

## Installation

First, you can install the extension in the following ways.

Requirements:

- Install Visual Studio Code version 1.80.0 or above.

### Install from Marketplace(Recommended)

Search "JSAR DevTools" at [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/) or directly visit [RokidMCreativeLab.vscode-jsar-devtools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RokidMCreativeLab.vscode-jsar-devtools) to download and install.

### Install via `.vsix`

> If you can't access to the Visual Studio Marketplace, you could try this way to download this extension directly and install it manually.

- First, download the latest `.vsix` installation package from this address: [vscode-jsar-devtools-latest.vsix](https://jsar.netlify.app/installer/vscode-jsar-devtools-latest.vsix)
- Then, open Visual Studio Code.
- Press <Typography.Text keyboard>Ctrl + Shift + P</Typography.Text>, type "Extensions: Install from VSIX..."
- Select the downloaded `.vsix` installation package.
- Click OK.

## Guide

Once you have installed the extension, you can start learning about the JSAR developer tools by following the content of my chapters. Here's what you can find:

- [Features](./developer-tools/intro-features) - Introduction to the features included in the developer tools.
- [Interface](./developer-tools/intro-gui) - Introduction to the basic interface of the extension and how to use it.
- [Preview](./developer-tools/preview) - How to use the developer tools for spatial app preview.
- [Debugging](./developer-tools/debugging) - How to use the developer tools for spatial app debugging.
- [Packaging](./developer-tools/packaging) - How to use the developer tools to package spatial apps.
